Document the new `Ports` view (#2831)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/configure/workspaces/ports.md

<script context="module">
  export const prerender = true;
  import IdeToggle from "$lib/components/docs/ide-toggle.svelte";

>   import Action from "$lib/components/action.svelte";

Reviewer: Not entirely sure about the naming here, but as a 🛹, we could ship it.

    onOpen: open-browser
```

> ### Specify port names & descriptions

Reviewer: Made this change in order to align it with the other section headings on this page

You can give ports a `name` and a `description` (both optional). These properties will help you to add context about what the port is being used for.

<IdeToggle id="ide-toggle-ports">

<div slot="vscodebrowser">
    <p>

>         All ports' information and their actions can be find in <b>PortsView</b> within <b>PORTS</b> tab inside VS Code Browser

Reviewer: suggestion (minor):

```suggestion
        All ports' information and their corresponding actions can be found in the <b>PortsView</b> within the <b>PORTS</b> tab inside VS Code Browser
```

>         All ports' information and their actions can be find in <b>PortsView</b> within <b>PORTS</b> tab inside VS Code Browser

Reviewer: question: I wonder why we call it the `PortsView` - is this an official name we've given to the <kbd>Ports</kbd> tab inside of VS Code?

cc @akosyakov
